docs(native): document how to set attribute on spans/transactions (#12456)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/performance/improving-data/native.mdx

## Improving Data on Transactions and Spans

### Adding Data Attributes to Transactions

> You can add data attributes to your transactions. This data is visible in the trace explorer in Sentry. Data attributes must be of type `sentry_value_t`, which can be used to store `int32_t`, `double`, `int`, `char *` as well as lists containing `sentry_value_t` entries or a map with `char *` keys and `sentry_value_t` values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add data attributes to your transactions. This data is visible in the trace explorer in Sentry. Data attributes must be of type `sentry_value_t`, which can store 
* 32-bit signed integers,
* double-precision floating-points,
* null-terminated strings, as well as
* lists and string-keyed maps containing `sentry_value_t` entries
```
